Scenario:
	Given:
	When:
	Then:

Scenario: As a user, I want to login so that I can access my home page.
	Given: User is on login page
	And: User exists in DB
	When: User inputs login credentials
	And: User clicks login button
	And: User email and password are verified
	Then: User is redirected to role-appropriate home page.

*This scenario will change after MVP (Tutor users must be approved).
Scenario: As a user, I want to register a new account so that I can access my home page.
	Given: User is on login page
	When: User clicks "Register new user"
	And: User completes registration form
	Then: New user is created in system
	And: Confirmation message is displayed
	And: User is redirected to role-appropriate home page. *

Scenario: As a student, I want to see tutor schedules so that I can schedule tutoring.
	Given: Student is logged in.
	And: Student has selected a chosen tutor.
	When: Student clicks "View Availability"
	Then: Student can schedule tutoring.

*Added because reasons.
*Add stretch of denying or requesting reschedule of tutoring session?
Scenario: As a student, I want to schedule a session with a tutor so that I can have a tutoring session.
	Given: Student is logged in.
	And: Student has selected an available tutor.
	When: Student clicks "Schedule Tutoring Session"
	And: Student completes optional request form. (topic/instructor/etc)
	Then: Tutoring session is created/scheduled.
	And: Tutor is notified of scheduled session at next login.

Scenario: As a student, I want to search for my course so that I can schedule a tutoring session.
	Given: Student is logged in.
	When: Student clicks "Search for Tutors"
	And: Student inputs course or subject
	Then: A list of tutors that tutor the matching subject are displayed.
	And: Student can schedule tutoring.

Scenario: As a user, I want to view contact information so that I can communicate with other users.
	Given: User is logged in.
	And: User has selected another user profile.
	When: User clicks "View Contact Info"
	Then: Another user's contact info is displayed.

*Add stretch of summary page for subject/course analytics?
Scenario: As a tutor, I want to view my number of hours spent in tutoring so that I can keep track of it.
	Given: Tutor is logged in.
	When: Tutor navigates to the "Tutoring Summary" page.
	Then: Tutor's total hours worked are displayed.

*This scenario will change after MVP (to include a students).
*Add a stretch of summary page for subject/course analytics?
Scenario: As a tutor manager, I want to view total hours spent in tutoring for each tutor so that I can keep track of it.
	Given: Tutor manager is logged in.
	When: Manager navigates to the "Tutoring Summary" page.
	Then: A list of tutors with their total hours worked is displayed.